[Autogenerated] because it's a single sign in service.
You can also set up a trust between A W,
S, S, S O and hundreds of other cloud applications.
This will allow your users to authenticate with one set of
credentials to access different AWS accounts as well as other
supported external accounts used in your organization.
You can configure external applications under the applications menu in AWS.
Single sign on here.
You can select a service,
then input the required configuration to set up a trust.
With that service, simply select.
Add a new application.
Then you can browse the catalog or search for an application
you'd like to integrate with single sign on.
I'll look for slack, select the app, then add application.
Here you'll find instructions and input fields for all of the metadata that
you'll need to set this service up with your AWS SSO.
I'll go ahead and cancel out because we're not going to set that up.
But now you can see how easy it is to leverage this
as a true single sign on solution.
See the AWS documentation for a full list of services that support integration with AWS single sign on